Hey, I am in Destin. Welcome back to Smarter Every Day We are in the middle of one
series about helicopters and I will talk about ... how is this said? (son) parachute.
A parachute Well, on the planes, the pilot
It can have a parachute, so if something goes wrong you can jump
and use it to bring it to salvation. Do you want to try the parachute very quickly?
(son) See, I'll do it. OK, we will launch the parachute on this balcony. Look
The father will launch it. Are you ready?
Home parachute ...
to the ocean 1 ... 2 ... 3 ...
Oh nano! [laugh]
We just gave the man a parachute to our neighbors.
Well, think about that. We are in a helicopter
And we are very up and we suddenly have a problem because the engine stops us.
and we started to fall. So we have all that weight
endured by the rotor system. Now, if we are intelligent about it
We can change the inclination of the rotors to make them rotate very quickly.
And then we will have a kind of windmill.
And if we are really smart, just at the last minute, just before touching the ground
We can change the blade path to achieve a rising force. So we are
by rotating the rotors in the reverse and right at the last moment we use them for
Brake, just before you hit the ground. This is a maneuver called autorotation,
and this has kept the helicopter pilots alive for many and many years.
In fact, there have been autorotations from 12,000 meters.
So a helicopter basically has a built-in parachute. But with a helicopter you have this
Rotary disk just in front of you, So my question is, what happens if you lose power
up there. Like this battery that I just put. What happens if he dies? What's up, Carl?
(Carl) If you lose power in a helicopter you can rotate. OK.
So Carl will demonstrate self-determination and we will get an idea of ​​what happens.
Make yourself more clever every day.
Okay, what exactly do we aim to do?
(Carl) We will demonstrate the authorizations. I'll take you a few dozen meters up,
I will turn off the engine, and I will do all the way to the ground flying off.
(Destin) It sounds like the idea of ​​genius. (Carl) [laugh] Let's do it.
(Destin) You know ... That's expensive, right? (Carl) Yes
[rotor noise]
Okay, then, where are you? As from above?
(Carl) Aah this are probably about 100 meters. I count three i
I close the engine right now, and now we are returning without it
the motor. (Destin) In a very expensive helicopter. (Carl) Oh yes. (Destin) So we do not have power, right now.
(Carl) Not at all.
(Destin) So why has this happened?
What have you done? (Carl) We are cutting through the blades,
And as the helicopter falls, the air that is forced by gravity to pass through
makes them roll. (Destin) So it's like a windmill? (Carl) It's like a windmill. (Destin) So the helicopters are
much safer than I thought. I will be honest with you ... I'm not very impressed because
It has been a lot for all the time. [laughs]
(Carl) Let's do it by valley. (Destin) E ... and ... wait. It was a joke, man.
(Carl) Aah. Let's do it! (Destin) You can do it. (Carl) Let's do it!
I am not responsible for what he is about to happen.
[rotor noise]
You do not need to do it
if you do not want to do it. (Carl) [laughs]
(Destin) Are you already in the valley? (Carl) Oh yes.
(Carl) Som-hi. We will get to each valley.
(Destin) So you have disconnected (Carl) It's off (Destin) a helicopter head-by-valley. (Carl) Right.
(Destin) This makes a lot of sense. The mother of the guy.
[laughs]
(Carl) We already have that. (Destin) Nano, this has been very strange. OK, the helicopters are
long much safer than I thought, and if you want to see more about how they work
See this series of videos we are doing, how to control helicopters. This is Carl.
I have put your information in the description. Sign up, please. See you. Where is my hat to think?
I need my thinking hat. [laughs]
[Andrew Jackson Transcription: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.